Hi everybody, I'm going to teach with
I was in the Alps
I recovered without perceiving a place of 73 thousand
gt twitter
here is the original recovery
Let's fill here to lower the focus
usually arrive despite two
Application of a low application in
pre story that is the pec with the mold
made of fashion fashion taught 70 of the issue
of today that will ask them to come here I
I will leave the file in the description of the
video that is the resume you come here
sought to collect and in the part that you
left me here and recover and mg
after and eng11 this prismatic my seat
a little different because we do not
restart subject is that restart only
by the physical buttons here otherwise you will
getting stuck in the recovery already did this
I got stuck in the area sometimes it 's not in the
tank
you come here mc by the physical buttons
recovery stosur is there and you can
do the same process with twr so it is
male